Reading a book is like throwing a dice, the result of your action depends upon yourself, the object, and a bit of luck.

## Ashley Wike
Ashley play in a leading role in Gone with the wind. He is a well educated person and value his honor, southern honor; beyond anything. In other words, he is a southern gentleman. He is a rich aristocrat from the South. Because of that, he doesn't need to struggle for his position in the society and can afford to be a loyal-to-South gentleman.

When the civil war begun, he joined the Southern army and fought for the South. Even though he personally thinks the war is pointless for the South. Because the South is fighting for it's own culture, and if it wins the war, then the South will be able to command the prices of the cotton and people will be thinking of making money like the North instead of returning to the care free life of the days before the war. And if the South loses the war, which it did, the southerners will never be able to return to the life of the old days neither.

After the civil war ended, Ashley lost everything he once owned, his plantation was burned to the ground by union soldiers, his slaves was freed, and his money in became worthless because of the war. That meant Ashley, like every other southerners, will have to work, in order to live. This is hard, because most of southern aristocrat doesn't know any money making skills, but people can always learn and change, change from the old days. The interesting thing is, Ashley know that he won't be likely to make any success in the new society if he doesn't changes. And even with this knowledge, he refused to changed, and struggle very hard in the new society.

## Rhett Butler

Rhett is the opposite of Ashley in nearly every aspect. While Ashley values honor, respect other people, Rhett cares about money the most and disrespect everybody, including himself. It's easy to explain why Ashley's behave gentlemanly, he grows up in a rich southern family and his father is a gentleman, so it's only natural that Ashley is a gentleman. Rhett's father is also a gentleman like Ashley and his father, but poorer. Little Rhett is not satisfy with current living situation, and to change that, he starts making money. But he doesn't fallow southern conscience while making his money, and his father is not happy that, in fact, his father got so unhappy that he kick Rhett out of his house without a single cent.
